# Project Objective

## Background
Even with Canva’s simple tools, video-making can be a laborious process. Choosing the right template, trimming videos to fit to audio etc. all add steps and decisions that a user has to go through. Current video templates provide a basic framework, but there is no easy way to try out your own content inside different templates without going through the entire editing process.
There remains a gap between uploading filmed content and downloading a finalised video which presents an opportunity to be solved - a ‘content-first’ approach to video creation


see [here](https://canvadev.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/INTPROG/pages/1363935799/Magic+video+auto-composition+Video+Experience+Video+-+FE) for confluence documentation

## Features:
- US1: Users must be able to select and upload media content in the form of images and videos 
- US2: Users must also be able to add more media into the application
- US3: Users must be able to to remove media from the application
- US4: The application must generate combined version of the media contents inputted
- US5: Users must be able to view a preview the generated content by the application
- US6: Users must be able to look through a list of available moods and pick the ones which they prefer.  The system must be able to suggest a music category (mood) for each video template generated by users
- US7: Each mood added should also have an associated music.
- US8: Users must be able to edit the title, templates, music and other details of the video
- US9: Users must be able to to use the application across different devices, ie mobile phone, tables and laptop
- US10: User must be able to specify the duration (short or long) of the video generated
- US11: User must be able to set and edit the order of the files


# Building & Running
## Prerequisites
Yarn installed on your system. If your system does not already have yarn, you can follow the instructions found [here](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/#mac-stable)

## Frontend
1. Navigate to the folder.
2. Run `yarn install`. This will install all the React dependencies required to run the project. 
3. Run `yarn start`.
At this point, the project should be running at `http://localhost:3000/` in the browser

## Running Tests

`yarn test` launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

## Demo Page
Optionally, here is a built web app for you to view: [here]()

# Code Structure
## Libraries Used

## diagram

## Storing Templates
`codes here`

## video presenters
`codes here`

## media presenter
`codes here`

## Drag and Drops